hello cobas the guide did cowboys
but what happiness to find you
every week on cowboys the guide
hi-fi our own magazine so in fact
tests and is of hemato stuffs this
be very upscale so this case
it is philippe 2.5 who takes care of it at its
high-end stuff that made other
are products that are nomadic and
that's my little ray these stuff that
I like the speakers like the cases this
that small small players
of axa correctly was my part this
week at the lobby to watch a little
little this Christmas log is ultimate
ears this is the mega boom because
last year there was the boom we had
tested the boom there is the mega boom so
megaliths rally prat supra
since you want boom this time
this product costs 299 euros this is a
product that is quite particular because
in its design
it allows 360 degree radiant sound
that is to say that the interview had
two speakers wwoofers as well
only passive radiators of the radiator
passive
the nice thing we ask it at best
a coffee table with friends at the
house because that's my mega boom placed on
better the coffee table and the sound is very
radiant the whole room it's super cool
how it works it's simple
we can pair and bluetooth
but be careful not ptx and also a
application to manage the application
boom hue and an ultimate ears with
the application can be after two sessions
in one like that so 600 euros when
even you can adjust the sound with
the application is stuff face
a product that I like a lot
in addition to the boom the mega
boom and waterproof
we plunged it into a meter of
floats in the tub if you want
for 30 minutes without it explodes
in flight so this was not the case
so small to resist the spray
on the other hand the weight quite a bit more
different
we still approach 800 g 1 kg
like that to the touch tony cotte was
lighter it is a product that is
very very well finished very well designed with
always a little hook for for
hang it like that anywhere a
autonomy of 15 hours so go
coutts are going to tell me go cost it's worth
what to go for is a product that
is very dynamic
he sent a small deficiency in serious
we feel that it is not the lala
beats the xl stack happened a trick
the stuff is pretty thin overall
I was a bit surprised because I
I was expecting a bit of a boom
no it's pretty thin I was listening to it
with some classical music with some
piano with jazz yes with voices
sometimes and you that it passed enough
well the media is not aggressive
there is a sound that is very dynamic good
it does not spit monstrously you
do not animate the evenings
person with there is a little bit of
scrambling when we start climbing
the sound is together it misses a whole
little bit serious but overall
it's a product I really find
well because what I have with this
product it's the spatialization side on
360 degrees that is to say that really
when we put the sound goes everywhere and that
it's nice in a room we want
listen that the samu of music in
nomadism from a smartphone for
streamed by between cowboys from a
pc you stream is there on you have
100 customers all room
so the product really pleases me for
that's his audio spatialization side
robustness because that's really
a product that is very very sturdy on
feel like you can hit on it
they risk not much a little bit the
to dive under the fleet we can we can
listen to music downright in
outside even when it's raining and other
so it's a practical product so
this is an ultimate and unfortunately the mega
boom be cost of 299 euros if you
want to know even more you have
this whole test bench that I have you
concocted after spending a little
week to hit my head with have
especially next week for
other musical vibrations audio and
with decibels in cowboys thank you
follow us
here on the cowboys hi-fi guide
every week ciao the actresses
and comedians